TITLE: Terrorists Attack Two Nigerian Military Bases
PUBLISHED: Mon, 09 Mar 2026 14:51:50 GMT
URL: https://allafrica.com/stories/202603090647.html

Nigeria: Terrorists Attack Two Nigerian Military Bases - allAfrica.com
AllAfrica
English
(current)
En Français
Toggle navigation
My Account
Toggle navigation
AllAfrica
My Account
English
(current)
En Français
Nigeria: Terrorists Attack Two Nigerian Military Bases
9 March 2026
Premium Times (Abuja)
By Yakubu Mohammed
Security sources told PREMIUM TIMES that the attacks were launched overnight on Monday.
Terrorists suspected to be members of Islamic State West Africa Province (ISWAP), have attacked two military bases in Goniri and Kukawa, Borno State, reportedly killing a commanding officer and some soldiers.
Security sources told PREMIUM TIMES that the attacks were launched overnight on Monday. The exact number of people killed in the attacks have yet to be verified.
Follow us on
WhatsApp
|
LinkedIn
for the latest headlines
The terrorists also destroyed military operational vehicles. However, many of them were reportedly killed in the attack on the military base in Kukawa.
Daily Trust
quotes a resident of Kukawa as saying the attack on the base there started after midnight.
"They (terrorists) stormed the town from multiple directions and launched an attack on the military camp," the source told the newspaper.
Philip Brant, a jihadi researcher, said the attack on the Goniri military base was repelled by the
Nigerian Air Force
(NAF).
PREMIUM TIMES reports that the attacks come four days a
fter the terrorists invaded four military camps in Mainok, Jakana, Marte and Konduga
. In a statement last week, the Nigerian Army said it repelled all the attacks and eliminated many terrorists, although a senior officer and an unspecified number of soldiers were also killed.
Soldiers repelled coordinated Boko Haram attacks on Borno communities - Nigerian Army
The army buried some of the slain soldiers on Saturday.
The army has not issued a statement about the latest attacks. Appolonia Anele, the spokesperson for the army, has not responded to an enquiry sent to her.
Last year, ISWAP launched what it described as "Camp Holocaust", overrunning at least 16 military bases, according to a report by Malik Samuel, a researcher with Good Governance Africa (GGA). The Institute of Security Studies (ISS) estimates that about 500 people were killed in not the less than 200 attacks staged under the deadly campaign.
The horror campaign seems to have taken a sharp turn, with the insurgents deploying sophisticated weapons including armed drones.
Read the
original article
on
Premium Times
.
Tagged:
Nigeria
West Africa
Conflict
Copyright
© 2026
Premium Times
. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media (
allAfrica.com
).
To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections — or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material,
click here.
AllAfrica publishes around 600 reports a day from more than
90 news organizations
and over
500 other institutions and individuals
, representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct.
Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are
produced or commissioned by AllAfrica
. To address comments or complaints, please
Contact us
.
AllAfrica is a voice of, by and about Africa - aggregating, producing and distributing 600 news and information items daily from over 90 African news organizations and our own reporters to an African and global public. We operate from Cape Town, Dakar, Abuja, Johannesburg, Nairobi and Washington DC.
Support our work
Sign up for our newsletter
For Advertisers
Subscribe
© 2026 AllAfrica
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
About Us
AllAfrica - All the Time
Close
Sign up for free AllAfrica Newsletters
Get the latest in African news delivered straight to your inbox
Submit
By submitting above, you agree to
our privacy policy
.
Success!
Almost finished...
We need to confirm your email address.
To complete the process, please follow the instructions in the email we just sent you.
Error!
Error!
There was a problem processing your submission. Please try again later.