TITLE: Panic Grips Civil Servants As Firefighters Battle to Quell Inferno At Head of Service
PUBLISHED: Mon, 09 Mar 2026 15:29:26 GMT
URL: https://allafrica.com/stories/202603090682.html

Nigeria: Panic Grips Civil Servants As Firefighters Battle to Quell Inferno At Head of Service - allAfrica.com
AllAfrica
English
(current)
En Français
Toggle navigation
My Account
Toggle navigation
AllAfrica
My Account
English
(current)
En Français
Nigeria: Panic Grips Civil Servants As Firefighters Battle to Quell Inferno At Head of Service
9 March 2026
Leadership (Abuja)
By Christiana Nwaogu
Panic gripped civil servants on Monday morning as firefighters battled to quell an inferno at the Office of the Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (OHCSF) in Abuja, forcing workers to flee the premises for safety.
A section of the building was gutted by fire, triggering fear and confusion among staff before officials of the Federal Fire Service moved in to contain the blaze.
LEADERSHIP however learnt that the situation has since been brought under control. The Federal Fire Service, in a post on its official Facebook page signed by its national spokesperson, DCF Abraham Olobi, assured panicking civil servants that there was no cause for alarm, adding that the cause of the fire would be ascertained and communicated in due course.
Some civil servants were seen boarding buses and leaving the premises as a precautionary measure while firefighters battled the flames.
Keep up with the latest headlines on
WhatsApp
|
LinkedIn
A civil servant who identified himself as Mr. Emmanuel Agita, said he fled the building out of fear that the fire could escalate. "I was afraid of a reoccurrence or escalation of the fire, so I had to run for my life. My children are still very young; they cannot afford to be fatherless," he said.
Another civil servant, Mrs. Ngozika Uche, who declined to mention her department, speculated that the fire might not be unconnected to attempts to conceal sensitive documents. "As usual, some persons may have been trying to hide certain documents and, in order not to be indicted, would go the extra mile to do so," she alleged.
Read the
original article
on
Leadership
.
Tagged:
Nigeria
West Africa
Business
Labour
Infrastructure
Copyright
© 2026
Leadership
. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media (
allAfrica.com
).
To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections — or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material,
click here.
AllAfrica publishes around 600 reports a day from more than
90 news organizations
and over
500 other institutions and individuals
, representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct.
Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are
produced or commissioned by AllAfrica
. To address comments or complaints, please
Contact us
.
AllAfrica is a voice of, by and about Africa - aggregating, producing and distributing 600 news and information items daily from over 90 African news organizations and our own reporters to an African and global public. We operate from Cape Town, Dakar, Abuja, Johannesburg, Nairobi and Washington DC.
Support our work
Sign up for our newsletter
For Advertisers
Subscribe
© 2026 AllAfrica
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
About Us
AllAfrica - All the Time
Close
Sign up for free AllAfrica Newsletters
Get the latest in African news delivered straight to your inbox
Submit
By submitting above, you agree to
our privacy policy
.
Success!
Almost finished...
We need to confirm your email address.
To complete the process, please follow the instructions in the email we just sent you.
Error!
Error!
There was a problem processing your submission. Please try again later.